Dbt dynamics 365 crm (#1)
fivetran/dbt_dynamics_365_crm: README.md

<p align="left">
    <a alt="License"
        href="https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/blob/main/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" /></a>
    <a alt="dbt-core">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dbt_Core™_version->=1.3.0_<2.0.0-orange.svg" /></a>
    <a alt="Maintained?">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" /></a>
    <a alt="PRs">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-blueviolet" /></a>
    <a alt="Fivetran Quickstart Compatible"
        href="https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/dbt/quickstart">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fivetran_Quickstart_Compatible%3F-yes-green.svg" /></a>
</p>

## What does this dbt package do?

This package models Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/microsoft-dynamics/dynamics365crm). It uses data in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/microsoft-dynamics/dynamics365crm#schemainformation).

> The main focus of the package is to enhance the Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM data by adding human-readable labels for fields that store coded values (e.g., integer codes or option sets). This package integrates stringmaps into the source tables, translating codes into meaningful labels.

Reviewer: Please make this same change in the CHANGELOG entry for this initial release

> The main focus of the package is to enhance the Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM data by adding human-readable labels for fields that store coded values (e.g., integer codes or option sets). This package integrates stringmaps into the source tables, translating codes into meaningful labels.

Author: updated.

<!--section="dynamics_365_crm_transformation_model"-->
The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_dynamics_365_crm/#!/overview).

| **Table** | **Description** |
| --------- | --------------- |

> | [`account`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_dynamics_365_crm/#!/model/model.dynamics_365_crm.account) | Model representing accounts in Dynamics 365 CRM, enriched with human-readable column names for fields with corresponding stringmap values. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`account`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_dynamics_365_crm/#!/model/model.dynamics_365_crm.account) | Model representing accounts in Dynamics 365 CRM, enriched with human-readable column names for fields with corresponding stringmap created as `<field_name>_label`. |
```

Reviewer: I'm open to a different way to say this, but we should make sure customers are aware of what to look for regarding the stringmap fields. Please make this same update to the rest of the descriptions in this README and the docs as well.

Author: This makes sense to me! Updated.

<!--section-end-->

## How do I use the dbt package?

### Step 1: Prerequisites
To use this dbt package, you must have the following:

- At least one Fivetran Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM connection syncing data into your destination.
- A **BigQuery**, **Snowflake**, **Redshift**, **Databricks**, or **PostgreSQL** destination.

#### Databricks dispatch configuration
If you are using a Databricks destination with this package, you must add the following (or a variation of the following) dispatch configuration within your `dbt_project.yml`. This is required in order for the package to accurately search for macros within the `dbt-labs/spark_utils` then the `dbt-labs/dbt_utils` packages respectively.
```yml
dispatch:
  - macro_namespace: dbt_utils
    search_order: ['spark_utils', 'dbt_utils']
```

### Step 2: Install the package
Include the following Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM package version in your `packages.yml` file:
> TIP: Check [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) for the latest installation instructions or [read the dbt docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/package-management) for more information on installing packages.
```yml
packages:
  - package: fivetran/dynamics_365_crm

>     version: [">=0.1.0", "<0.2.0"] # we recommend using ranges to capture non-breaking changes automatically

Reviewer: Same comment from the CHANGELOG. Let's make this an explicit pre-release version until we're ready for the official release.

```

### Step 3: Define database and schema variables

> By default, this package runs using your destination and the `dynamics_365_crm` schema. If this is not where your Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM data is (for example, if your Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM schema is named `dynamics_365_crm_fivetran`), add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file:

Reviewer: Do you know if `dynamics_365_crm` is the default schema name? I went to create a new connection and saw the default was actually `dynamics_365`. While it doesn't support our naming convention, we should (and I believe are required with Quickstart) for the default schema name to be the same default name provided by the connector.

Reviewer: It actually looks like the default schema used in the package is [dynamics_365](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_dynamics_365_crm/blob/6c8e0f0cb4078006fdf6b4b8308d177fe565a7ad/models/src_dynamics_365_crm.yml#L6). Let's update this to match the default in the package and connector.

```yml
vars:
  dynamics_365_crm_database: your_database_name
  dynamics_365_crm_schema: your_schema_name 
```

### Step 4: Enable/Disable Variables

> By default, this package brings in data from a select list of Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM source tables. However, if you have disabled syncing these sources, you will need to add the following configuration to your `dbt_project.yml`:

Reviewer: I like your approach here to not have a long list of source tables. However, we should probably link to where they can see all the source tables in case they want to understand what to turn off if necessary.

Author: Updated.
